### If you customize and enhance the aesthetics of the user interface according to your taste (and best practices, of course), explain and justify any variations to the original design that you made. Note that the functionality of each activity and navigation between them must not be altered.
For the most part, we stuck with the design given by the UIMA staff. However, one of the main design decisions we took was handling what happens when the user selects the same home time zone as the current time zone. Instead of waiting for the user to hit the convert button, we immediately display the warning toast. This is because it is never useful for a client to convert to the same time zone, and thus, it does not make sense to wait for the user to hit convert to display them a warning message. Additionally, since the converted time itself would be outdated since it's not allowed to auto-convert on hitting save in this case only , the user would be confused/mislead. We also chose not to have light gray border colors on each of the boxes as we felt a simpler and directly contrasting color palette looked crisper.

### Does it make sense to have multiple activities for this simple version of the app? Are there any design changes would you suggest with respect to the purpose of each activity and navigation between views?
It does not make sense to have multiple activities for the simple version of the app. We already showed with the current time zone picker that there is a good way in this UI to pick a new home time zone as well without an entirely new activity. It would also be easy to add an input field for saved city to the same screen as well. Thus, I would eliminate the settings activity altogether and have the main activity be responsible for storing all user input and display since there isn’t very much to input to this app. Not switching activities would also remove the need to separately persist the home time zone and city state between switching views (although it would still persist between launches. 
### How did you test whether the app displayed the correct results for each combination?
For each of the 64 time zone conversions (8 starting and 8 ending time zones), we manually converted and made sure the time difference was correct. While doing this, we also validated that the warning toast for converting to the time zone popped up when necessary. Also for a few time zone combinations, we tried testing a couple different time conversions to ensure the time difference was accurate throughout the day, the conversion would switch between AM and PM accurately, and that the warning would pop up at the right times. 
### What was most challenging or frustrating in doing this assignment?
The most challenging part of the assignment was getting started. As we were new to mobile development, it was annoying to create all the components and format them relative to each other properly. The even harder part of this was trying to figure out how all the components could interact with each other and pass information to each other to perform time zone conversions properly when the user hits convert (especially figuring out how to send info from the setting activity to the main activity). However, as we continued reading tutorials and experiment with the app, we learned more about how views, activities, and relaunching the app affected each other and the overall app state, which started making things a lot easier. 

